h1. Flask Boilerplate Project

h2. Introduction

I wanted a quick way to create websites with all my favorite dev settings and customizations. So I created this boilerplate project based on the "Flask":http://flask.pocoo.org (Python) microwebframework.

Why is Flask-Boilerplate useful? Because you get:

# Cutting-edge components, good defaults, HTML5 goodness, etc.
# New Project script - sets up everything for you, including Apache mod_wsgi deployment!

h2. Get Started

    git clone git://github.com/swaroopch/flask-boilerplate.git mynewapp
    cd mynewapp
    pip install Fabric
    fab code_setup:mynewapp.com
    # Write your code in @flask_application/controllers/frontend.py@
    fab serve

When you're ready to deploy your code to a server:

    fab server_setup # once per server
    fab deploy

h2. Modular

By default, it uses "packages and modules":http://flask.pocoo.org/docs/patterns/packages/ to make it very simple to split up the controllers (and models) into logical groups in separate files, rather than using a monolithic file which contains everything.

h2. Server

The installation script works specifically with Ubuntu Linux, Apache, mod_wsgi only.

Currently, the install script assumes that you are already on the target machine w.r.t. both the creation of the git project as well as the deployment.

We are using "Fabric":http://fabfile.org/ to deploy new code to the server.

In the future, we may even deploy our app in an AppEngine-esque manner using "Silver Lining":http://cloudsilverlining.org/#what-does-it-do.

h2. UI : HTML5 Boilerplate + 960 Grid System

It uses "HTML5 Boilerplate code":http://html5boilerplate.com/ for the UI. This makes the frontend future-ready _and_ compatible all the way back to IE6. Don't forget to "watch the video":http://net.tutsplus.com/tutorials/html-css-techniques/the-official-guide-to-html5-boilerplate/.

It uses "960 Grid System":http://960.gs/ for the layout of your pages.

h2. Also See

* API wrapper like "simpleapi":http://simpleapi.de/
* "Mobile user agent detection":http://pypi.python.org/pypi/mobile.sniffer to redirect users to a mobile version of the website that uses the "Mobile HTML5 Boilerplate":https://github.com/shichuan/mobile-html5-boilerplate

